Updating changelog / README / Cargo.toml to version 0.2.0 (#47)
novifinancial/opaque-ke: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.2.0 (September 3, 2020)

> * Added CipherSuite API for specifying underlying primitives
> * Added support for specifying a slow password hashing function
> * Renamed SignalKeyPair to X25519KeyPair
> * Updated the envelope implementation to match the suggested XOR-based
>   construction in https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-krawczyk-cfrg-opaque-06
> * Included proptests for testing try_from crashes
> * Implemented Elligator2 map in favor of try-and-increment for hash-to-curve
> * Added extensibility for supporting different key exchange protocols
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added CipherSuite API for specifying underlying primitives
* Added support for specifying a slow password hashing function
* Collapsed SignalKeyPair to X25519KeyPair
* Updated the envelope implementation to match the suggested XOR-based
  construction in https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-krawczyk-cfrg-opaque-06
* Included randomized tests for testing try_from crashes
* Implemented Elligator2 map instead of try-and-increment for hash-to-curve
* Added extensibility for supporting different key exchange protocols
* Added benchmarks for the OPRF & switchable dalek backend depending on platform

```
